feature: openssl-3.0-fips support (#5191)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/BUILD.md

The `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` option can be provided when building AWS-LC to specify where AWS-LC will be installed. The install path for AWS-LC should be provided when building s2n-tls, via the `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH` option. This will ensure that s2n-tls is able to find the AWS-LC library artifact to link with.

### Openssl FIPS

> If you require FIPS, you should consider using AWS-LC. If AWS-LC would conflict with existing Openssl in your environment, you can use the `S2N_INTERN_LIBCRYPTO` CMake option to "intern" AWS-LC and keep it isolated to s2n-tls.

Reviewer: nit: I think "existing" as written doesn't sound right. Maybe it can be removed?
```suggestion
If you require FIPS, you should consider using AWS-LC. If AWS-LC would conflict with Openssl in your environment, you can use the `S2N_INTERN_LIBCRYPTO` CMake option to "intern" AWS-LC and keep it isolated to s2n-tls.
```

> But if you must use Openssl instead of AWS-LC, then s2n-tls does support FIPS mode when built with a FIPS validated version of Openssl. See the [Openssl FIPS documentation](https://github.com/openssl/openssl/blob/master/README-FIPS.md) for how to acquire a FIPS validated version of Openssl.

Author: I added a blurb for AWS-LC. It's shorter bc AWS-LC-FIPS just works. You build the fips version of AWS-LC and you have a fips version of AWS-LC. I don't know if the shortness still seems discouraging tho :smiling_face_with_tear:

> Note that currently s2n-tls only supports the Openssl-3.0 version of FIPS-validated Openssl. Openssl-3.0 has a FIPS 140-2 certificate, NOT a FIPS 140-3 certificate. If you require FIPS 140-3, consider using AWS-LC instead. Once Openssl releases a FIPS 140-3 validated version (currently planned for Openssl-3.5), then s2n-tls can update our integration. Because of the significant changes made in FIPS 140-3, simply building s2n-tls with a FIPS 140-3 validated version of Openssl will not meet all FIPS 140-3 requirements.

Reviewer: nit - this sounded better to me, if you agree:
```suggestion
Note that currently s2n-tls only supports the Openssl-3.0 version of FIPS-validated Openssl. Openssl-3.0 has a FIPS 140-2 certificate, NOT a FIPS 140-3 certificate. If you require FIPS 140-3, consider using AWS-LC instead. Once Openssl releases a FIPS 140-3 validated version (currently planned for Openssl-3.5), then the s2n-tls integration can be updated. Because of the significant changes made in FIPS 140-3, simply building s2n-tls with a FIPS 140-3 validated version of Openssl will not meet all FIPS 140-3 requirements.
```

The `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` option can be provided when building AWS-LC to specify where AWS-LC will be installed. The install path for AWS-LC should be provided when building s2n-tls, via the `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH` option. This will ensure that s2n-tls is able to find the AWS-LC library artifact to link with.

### AWS-LC FIPS

> s2n-tls supports FIPS mode when built with a FIPS validated version of aws-lc. See the [AWS-LC FIPS documentation](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc/blob/main/crypto/fipsmodule/FIPS.md) for how to build a FIPS validated version of AWS-LC.

Reviewer: Ah I did not read the pdfs. The new sentence helps!

### Openssl FIPS

> If you require FIPS, you should consider using AWS-LC. If AWS-LC would conflict with Openssl in your environment, you can use the `S2N_INTERN_LIBCRYPTO` CMake option to "intern" AWS-LC and keep it isolated to s2n-tls.

Reviewer 2: This is a nit, both of these sentences are passive when they could be active. Also you might want to explain why we recommend AWS-LC.

Author: How would you suggest making them active?

Reviewer 2: You should consider using AWS-LC if you require FIPS. You can use the `S2N_INTERN_LIBCRYPTO` CMake option to "intern" AWS-LC and keep it isolated to s2n-tls, if AWS-LC would conflict with Openssl in your environment.
